 




SENG 2021 - Weekly Cri Sesh - Deliverable 1
Members 
Nathan Driscoll, Shabrina Yusri, Sisil Harry Gunasekera, Sumeet Charan, Zoe Ramirez

Table of Contents
Part 1: Problem Statement
Part 2: Identify and Describe User Stories
High Level Requirements
Complex Features
Split into User Stories
Part 3. Low-Fidelity Prototype
Storyboard Interaction Graphs
UI Component Sketches
Storyboard Interaction + UI Component Sketches
Part 4. High-Fidelity Prototype


Part 1: Problem Statement
There is no clear consistent message regarding diseases/ treatment from news sources causing people to be over/under cautious.
Some patients have died from being unaware of the effects or ingredients of drugs they are taking.
Patients are unable to afford medication advised to them even with cheaper alternatives they are unaware of.
Patients struggle to keep track of when to take their medicines and what to take.
Individuals are not up to date or aware of their current medical histories leading to health issues when diagnosing.
Part 2: Identify and Describe User Stories
High Level Requirements
Due to problem statement 1, we require that:
HL1: As a user, I want access to news that shows all news articles based on a search term that can be sorted how I wish so that I am as well-informed as possible.
Due to problem statement 2, we require that:
HL2: As a user, I want access to an encyclopedia about all known drugs/ diseases and receive alerts if I am taking drugs that can endanger my health to avoid sickness/death.
Due to problem statement 3, we require that:
HL3: As a user, I want access to a map that will show me the prices of drugs at recognised chemists so that I can compare prices of drugs that will offer me the same help.
Due to problem statement 4, we require that:
HL4: As a user, I want to be able to track my medication and receive reminders about dosages so that I know what I am taking and when I should take it.
Due to problem statement 5, we require that:
HL5: As a user, I want to be able to keep track of my medical history so that I can diagnose and be aware of potential future issues.

Complex Features
The high level features above are broken down into lower level features. This is shown in the next segment ‘Split into User Stories’ denoted by a code after the user story number. E.g. User Story 1 (HL1) denotes that User Story 1 is related to the high level requirement 1.

Split into User Stories
User Story 1: (HL1)
Feature: A news application on your dashboard that shows all news articles based on a search term.

As a user, I want to attain my information in one location through credible resources with backed-up data so that I avoid misinformation.

GIVEN: That I am on my home dashboard. 
THEN: I am able to see the news application.
WHEN: I click the ‘News’ button.
THEN: I am able to search for a term.
WHEN: I type a search term.
AND: Press the search button.
THEN: I will be given articles containing that term.

User Story 2: (HL1)
Feature: A drop down menu on the news application, allowing users to sort articles by date, number of references, viewer numbers.

As a user, I want to be able to sort news sources by credibility and date so that I am as well-informed as possible.

FEATURE: A drop down menu on the news application, allowing users to sort articles by date, number of references, viewer numbers.
GIVEN: I am using the news application.
THEN: I can select sorting filters using a drop down menu.
WHEN: I select a filter.
AND: I enter a term into the search.
AND: I press the search button.
THEN: I will be presented with results sorted in the chosen order.

User Story 3: (HL2)
Feature: A medical encyclopedia that allows for searches through an API/ database.

As a patient I want to be able to access information about drugs so that I can gain knowledge about them.

GIVEN: I am on the home dashboard.
THEN: I am able to select the ‘encyclopedia’ button.
WHEN: I select the ‘encyclopedia’ button.
THEN: I am prompted with a search tool.
WHEN: I enter a search term.
AND: Press the search button.
THEN: I will be shown a list of medications and diseases that are relevant to my search.
WHEN: I am viewing the results of my search.
THEN: I am able to select one of the results, showing me information about it.

User Story 4: (HL2)
Feature: An alert system for patients when they enter an unhealthy combination of drugs into their currently used medications.

As a patient, I want to be notified when I am taking an unhealthy combination of drugs so that I avoid sickness/ death.

GIVEN: I am using the ‘encyclopedia’ or the ‘calendar’ application.
WHEN: I select a drug.
AND: I have drug(s) in my recorded list of currently used medicines that should not be used in conjunction with the selected drug.
THEN: I will be shown a pop-up alert after selecting the result, with an appropriate message.

User Story 5: (HL2)
Feature: An alert system for patients when they enter drug(s) that can trigger allergic reactions.

As a patient, I want to be able to be alerted if a medication will set off an allergic reaction so that I avoid sickness/ death.

GIVEN: I am using the ‘encyclopedia’ or the ‘calendar’ application.
WHEN: I select a drug.
AND: I have allergies or a condition that prevents me from using it that is recorded in the application.
THEN: I will be shown a pop-up alert after selecting the result.

User Story 6: (HL3)
Feature: A ‘Local Chemist’ application that compares the prices of specified medications from chemists in a local radius based on a search term.

As a user, I want to be able to compare prices of certain drugs across local stores so that I can find the cheapest price.

GIVEN: I am on the home dashboard.
THEN: I am able to select the ‘Local Chemist’ button.
WHEN: I select the ‘Local Chemist’ application.
THEN: I can enter a search term for a specific drug.
WHEN: I press the search button.
THEN: I am shown a drop down selection of drugs.
WHEN: I select one of the drugs.
THEN: I am shown the prices of the selected drug at local chemists in increasing order.

User Story 7: (HL3)
Feature: (above) ‘Local Chemist’ application can search by UDI

As a user, I want to find drugs based on their unique drug identifier (UDI) so that I can find cheaper equivalent alternatives.

GIVEN: I am using the ‘Local Chemist’ application.
WHEN: I can enter a certain UDI into the search tool.
AND: I press search.
THEN: I am shown the prices of the drugs with the corresponding UDI at local chemists in increasing order.

User Story 8: (HL4)
Feature: Reminders to take medications

As a patient, I want to be reminded of when to take my medication so that I can stick to my medication schedule.

GIVEN: I am on the main application page.
WHEN: I click on a calendar date.
THEN: I can schedule when to take a specific medication.
WHEN: I need to take my medication.
THEN: I receive a notification reminder.

User Story 9: (HL4)
Feature: A calendar to view reminders

As a patient, I want to see an overview of my medication schedule so that I can anticipate when to take them.

GIVEN: I am on the main application page.
THEN: I see my personal schedule.

User Story 10: (HL5)
Feature: A ‘Medical History’ page where you can view conditions.

As a user, I want to know my medical history so that my condition can be diagnosed by my doctor accurately.

GIVEN: I am on the main application page.
WHEN: I click the ‘Medical History’ button
THEN: I can add my pre-existing conditions.
AND: I can add the medications I am currently taking
WHEN: I finish entering
THEN: I can see an overview of my history

User Story 11: (HL5)
Feature: A notification about potential side effects of medications based on pre-existing medical conditions.

As a user, I want to know my medical history so that I can be aware of any side effects I may have after taking certain medications.

GIVEN: I am on the main application page.
WHEN: I click the ‘Medical History’ button
THEN: I add the medications I am taking.
WHEN: The application identifies potential side effects
THEN: I receive a notification alert about the risk.

User Story 12: (HL5)
Feature: A notification of when to visit the doctor.

As a user, I want to know the severity of my symptoms so that I know when to see a doctor.

GIVEN: I am on the ‘Medical History’ page
WHEN: I enter my current conditions and symptoms
THEN: The application matches the symptoms to the database
WHEN: The condition is severe
THEN: I receive a notification to see the doctor.
Part 3. Low-Fidelity Prototype
Storyboard Interaction Graphs
UI Component Sketches
Storyboard Interaction + UI Component Sketches
Part 4. High-Fidelity Prototype
